C Piscine - C 01
Instructions (apply to every exercise in this module)

* Only the official subject document serves as reference: do not trust
  rumors.
* Watch out! The subject document could potentially change up before
  submission.
* Make sure you have the appropriate permissions on your files and
  directories.
* You have to follow the submission procedures for all your exercises.
* Your exercises will be checked and graded by your fellow classmates.
* On top of that, your exercises will be checked and graded by a program
  called Moulinette.
* Moulinette is very meticulous and strict in its evaluation of your work. It
  is entirely automated and there is no way to negotiate with it. So if you
  want to avoid bad surprises, be as thorough as possible.
* Moulinette is not very open-minded. It won't try and understand your code
  if it doesn't respect the Norm. Moulinette relies on a program called
  norminette to check if your files respect the norm. TL;DR: it would be
  idiotic to submit a piece of work that doesn't pass norminette's check.
* These exercises are carefully laid out by order of difficulty - from
  easiest to hardest. We will not take into account a successfully completed
  harder exercise if an easier one is not perfectly functional.
* Using a forbidden function is considered cheating. Cheaters get -42, and
  this grade is non-negotiable.
* You'll only have to submit a main() function if we ask for a program.
* Moulinette compiles with these flags: -Wall -Wextra -Werror, and uses cc.
* If your program doesn't compile, you'll get 0.
* You cannot leave any additional file in your directory than those
  specified in the subject.
* Got a question? Ask your peer on the right. Otherwise, try your peer on
  the left.
* Your reference guide is called Google / man / the Internet / ....
* Check out the "C Piscine" part of the forum on the intranet, or the slack
  Piscine.
* Examine the examples thoroughly. They could very well call for details
  that are not explicitly mentioned in the subject...
* By Odin, by Thor! Use your brain!!!

Do not forget to add the standard 42 header in each of your .c/.h files. The
norminette check its existence anyway!

Norminette must be launched with the -R CheckForbiddenSourceHeader flag.
Moulinette will use it too.

Foreword

Vincent: And you know what they call a... a... a Quarter Pounder with Cheese
in Paris?
Jules: They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with cheese?
Vincent: No man, they got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the
fuck a Quarter Pounder is.
Jules: Then what do they call it?
Vincent: They call it a Royale with cheese.
Jules: A Royale with cheese. What do they call a Big Mac?
Vincent: Well, a Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it le Big-Mac.
Jules: Le Big-Mac. Ha ha ha ha. What do they call a Whopper?
Vincent: I dunno, I didn't go into Burger King.

At least one of the following exercices has nothing to do you with a Royale
with cheese.

Today's threshold

The validation threshold for this project is 50%. It is up to you to
determine which exercise allows you to reach this threshold, and if you want
to complete more exercises.

Submission and peer-evaluation

Turn in your assignment in your Git repository as usual. Only the work
inside your repository will be evaluated during the defense. Don't hesitate
to double check the names of your files to ensure they are correct.

You need to return only the files requested by the subject of this project.
